
CORESTORAGE
===========
CoreStorage is a module that sits at the bottom of the software
stack and provides a foundation for all of the other modules
to build upon. This means that any other module that needs to
access the file system must do so through CoreStorage. It maintains
this access by providing a set of static classes and methods that 
work with various file types.

XFile
-----
This XFile file contains a collection of
functions for managing files and their contents including reading and writing
different types of data, such as raw Text(QString), UNICODE-Text,
QJsonDocument, QByteArray, QStringList, QMap<QString, QString>,
and QSet<QString>.The functions also allow for compressing
and encrypting data, as well as copying, renaming, moving, and deleting files.
There is also a concurrent function for executing a given function in parallel.
The XFile class includes static methods to perform these various functions.
The file has a template that can be used as a base to create your file and
Description is left as blank, allowing developers to provide context.

XDirectory
----------
The purpose of the class XDirectory is to copy directories and their contents
to another location. They take various parameters such as the source
and destination directories, filtering options, and time ranges for
selected files. The methods use recursion to copy all directories and
files within the source directory. The copied contents will maintain
their original file names and paths.

XFileAlias
----------
The XFileAlias class is defined the CoreStorage-Namespace.
This class has several static methods that allow you to set and update
file aliases, remove file aliases, and clear the aliases entirely.

XFileBlock
----------
The XFileBlock lock on a file identified by its key name.
is used to specify whether the lock is for reading or writing.

XInject
-------
The three classes: XFunctionInject, XStringInject,
and XInject with the purpose of providing functionality for injecting and calling
stored functions in a generic way. The main idea is to provide a template that can
be used for defining functionality for injecting and calling stored functions.


Advanced Storage classes
=======================

XBackup
-------
XBackup class, which is responsible for performing backups
of specified directories and files. The class contains methods for setting
data and backup paths, as well as a timer that can be scheduled for periodic
backups. The timestamp method is responsible for creating daily backups
with incremental backups of modified files, and the rollback method
is used to revert to a previous version of the backup.

XRepository
-----------
The methods in the XRepository class serve to manage the path and
versioning of data stored within the repository.

XExpire
-------
The purpose of the XExpire class is to manage the expiry
of data saved to disk. It manages the path in which the data is stored
as well as flushes any data that exceeds a specified time limit.

XStream
-------
It is designed to help developers manage data streams and paths within their applications.
The class can be used to set paths for data and stream locations,
as well as manage flushing and waiting of data.

XConfig
-------
The XConfig class is responsible for reading and writing configuration values in files. 




LICENSING
---------
You are granted permission to utilize the software libraries LIGHTFORCE DB, 
NITRO MVC, and HEXSPARK for non-commercial products under the terms of the GPL
v3 license. If you wish to use these software libraries for commercial endeavors,
there are specific licensing conditions that you must adhere to. Specifically, 
for each developer and up to a maximum of 10 domains, an appropriate commercial 
license must be purchased. We understand that there are unique instances, 
especially when it comes to local installations on embedded hardware, such as
within machinery, vehicles, or other specialized equipment. For such
circumstances, we kindly request you to engage in a direct conversation
with us so that we can cater to your needs more effectively and provide
tailored solutions.

We are genuinely excited about the possibility of our software libraries
being a part of your project. We believe in fostering a robust community
and collaborative ecosystem around our products. In that light, we would
truly appreciate it if you could inform us about where and how you are 
implementing our libraries. It would be even more wonderful if you are 
open to letting us showcase your application as a reference on our website. 
We believe that such collaborations not only foster innovation but also 
help other developers gain inspiration and insights. Your feedback
and endorsements, if any, would go a long way in enhancing the value 
proposition of our products in the broader developer community. We 
eagerly await hearing from you and are more than willing to support and 
celebrate your endeavors using our libraries.

